Create a new Helm Chart for Scalar Manager (#109)
scalar-labs/helm-charts: docs/getting-started-scalar-manager.md

# Getting Started with Helm Charts (Scalar Manager)

> Scalar Manager is a web application providing a dashboard for users to check the health and paused status of Scalar products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scalar Manager is a web-based dashboard that allows users to:
* check the health of the Scalar products
* pause and unpause the Scalar products to backup or restore underlying databases
* check the metrics and logs of the Scalar products through Grafana dashboards
```
BTW, I doubt Grafana explorers is proper naming.
Grafana dashboards?

Author: @feeblefakie 
I think the `Grafana dashboards` is more precise.
I used the `Grafana Explorer` because Scalar Manager uses the `Explore` subpage.

The users can pause or unpause Scalar products through Scalar Manager to backup or restore the underlying databases.
Scalar Manager also embeds Grafana explorers by which the users can review the metrics or logs of the Scalar products.

## Assumption
This guide assumes that the users are aware of how to deploy Scalar products with the monitoring and logging tools to a Kubernetes cluster.
If not, please start with [Getting Started with Scalar Helm Charts](./getting-started-scalar-helm-charts.md) before this guide.

## Environment
In this guide, we will create the `scalar-manager` component in the following diagram.

```

> +--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Reviewer: The direction of `Logging` is correct?
I think we need `verbs` between `scalar-manager` and `lock-stack` and `scalar-manager` and `kube-prometheus-stack`.
Also, should `Managing` be `Manage`? (I don't think `ing` is needed)

Author: @feeblefakie 
Understood.
I revised the diagram in https://github.com/scalar-labs/helm-charts/pull/109/commits/697fc8e48c8f51044df731cba27bcf0e9691e084

I think we need to update this other getting-started document as well.
I will do in another PR.

Author: Revise other getting-started documents in https://github.com/scalar-labs/helm-charts/pull/112

# Getting Started with Helm Charts (Scalar Manager)
Scalar Manager is a web-based dashboard that allows users to:
* check the health of the Scalar products
* pause and unpause the Scalar products to backup or restore underlying databases

> * check the metrics and logs of the Scalar products through Grafana dashboards
> The users can pause or unpause Scalar products through Scalar Manager to backup or restore the underlying databases.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* check the metrics and logs of the Scalar products through Grafana dashboards

The users can pause or unpause Scalar products through Scalar Manager to backup or restore the underlying databases.  
```
I think the `new line` is necessary to separate the bullets and the next new sentence in the markdown syntax.

     |                       |
+----+----+             +----+----+
| Browser | <-(Embed)-- + Browser |
+---------+             +---------+
```

## Step 1. Upgrade the `kube-prometheus-stack` to allow Grafana to be embbed

1. Add or revise this value to the custom values file (e.g. scalar-prometheus-custom-values.yaml) of the `kube-prometheus-stack`
   ```yaml
   grafana:
     grafana-ini:
       security:
         allow_embedding: true
         cookie_samesite: disabled
   ```

1. Upgrade the Helm installation
   ```console
   helm upgrade scalar-monitoring prometheus-community/kube-prometheus-stack -n monitoring -f scalar-prometheus-custom-values.yaml
   ```

## Step 2. Prepare a custom values file for Scalar Manager

1. Get the sample file [scalar-manager-custom-values.yaml](./conf/scalar-manager-custom-values.yaml) for `scalar-manager`.

1. Add the targets that you would like to manage. For example, if we want to manage a ledger cluster, then we can add the values as follows.
   ```yaml
   scalarManager:
     targets:
       - name: my-ledgers-cluster
         adminSrv: _scalardl-admin._tcp.scalardl-headless.default.svc.cluster.local
         databaseType: cassandra
   ```

> Note: the `adminSrv` is the DNS SRV record that Kubernetes creates for the named port of the headless service of the Scalar product. The format is `_{port name}._{protocol}.{service name}.{namespace}.svc.{cluster domain name}`

Author: Thank you!
It's much more clear!
